h1. Office Clerk

Office Clerk is the back office helper, your accountant, storage manager, secretary and more. It is the heart of the "RubyClerks team":http://rubyclerks.org , the manager as it were.

h2. Plans

The clerks are under heavy development, not ready for you to use. OficeClerk is actually in daily use alreay, but it's not public yet.
But once it is, it shall replace our 2 spree installations.

Once installed, we mean to keep RubyClerks running with easy to manage upgrades. Our shop is 15 years old, and so we expect to be around for a while, with a stable product and feature list.

On the other hand it would be nice to see many extensions.

h2. Other clerks

Once finished, i will split the OnlineClerk to it's seperate module. This will be the repository to clone and edit. The Officeclerk should be the same for everyone and rather than edit it for your own use we hope to receive pull requests and are looking forward to welcoming new members.

h3. OnlineClerk

See there when done

h3. ReportClerk

Is an exteral module so it can be extended easier.

h2. Getting Started

Clone the office clerk, migrate, and start editing the interface to suit you.

h2. Similar Projects

 * "Spree":http:spreecommerce.com , the grandfather of the rails ecommerce has grown big and mighty
 * "Ror-e":http://ror-e.com/ has some nice purchase features, but Dave has not been so active lately
 * "MarketStreet":https://github.com/alex-nexus/market_street/ has taken the ball from ror-e and is running strong with an impressive list of goals
 * "TryShoppe":http://tryshoppe.com/ is new and lightweight. Very nice looking interface.
 
